# All-In-One-Airport-Management-System-Using-Mysql
Everyday, enormous volumes of information are created at airports. Managing this constantly changing information is critical, as any out-of-date information can cause problems when planning future operations. As a result, we propose an **'Airport Management and Monitoring System'** model that would contain all data associated to the entities stated below for simplicity of executing any database operations. To build this model, we need a collection of data for each entity stated in the conceptual model, as well as a platform to run queries for each task.
We will use MySQL Workbench to develop and run queries for this project, and Python to render the analytics. The information gathered from each entity may subsequently be utilized to analyse various criteria. These may include tasks such as determining which day of the week the most flights took off in order to calculate the maximum revenue generated, determining when the least number of taxis were available at the airport in order to increase the number of taxis on those specific days, determining which airline is preferred by the majority of customers in order to determine the airline with the highest demand, determining which offers should be made available to customers based on their travel history, and determining which airlines are most preferred by customers.

This concept will make airline administration and passenger coordination easier as well as help the stakeholders to determine what strategies can be used to increase their customers, revenue and resources.
